The Joe Rogan experience. On that diamond princess cruise ship.
Only 17% of people got it.
And those people are living together very close quarters, like a Petri dish.
Yep. And they're, um, they're all breathing. Recrulated air. Yeah.
But only 17% of people. Got it crazy.
So it's that possible because I don't think it's as transmissible as we think,
bro. Imagine I don't think it is stuck on one of those cruise ships dude.
People coughing in the, yeah. It's horrible. It's horrible. Without a pandemic.
Yeah. But I don't think, but be, imagine right now. Yeah. Cause I'm high.
So let me think. Yeah. If I'm in a boat right now, right. So I'm,
I'm in this metal thing, which is in the middle of the dark ocean.
Yeah. Especially at nighttime. Yeah. Right. Horrible.
You're in this thing floating around,
literally in the center of the ocean thats.
So some strange reason you've agreed. Yeah. To be on this <laugh> this metal.
Yes. Thing's a floating floats. Yeah. Yeah. Which doesn't make any sense.
It's gross. Gross metal floating makes gross zero sense. Yeah.
A giant metal thing floating and you there with all those people and you're the
worst people in the world. And if you fall off the side, you're dead.
Some people try to kill themselves. You know, what's really, this is true.
Some guy tried to kill himself on the boat. Woo. This is how sad this was.
They saw him and they caught him. They caught him and they,
they brought him back on the boat. Oh my God.
So like literally the buffet the next day. Everybody's like,
that's the guy that tried to kill him. Like how horrible is that?
You're back. You're back. Oh, you got,
imagine being in a breakfast buffet after the LA you know, sorry guys.
I was having a rough night. One guy killed his wife on a cruise.
Cuz I went on the impractical jokers cruise.
I went on one cruise and it was just a perform. Right.
Me and a bunch of other comics went. And uh, and I,
we were talking to some of the cruise people and they said,
one guy pushed his wife off the side. Ooh. Yeah. And then he just,
he didn't care. He went to like eighties night. He was dancing. Oh my,
he just pushed his wife right off the side. Jesus Christ, dude.
Cruise people are sick. They're sick. People. Some people are sick.
Like some people could do that. Now here's the thing we're thinking about it.
Like it's the ocean. I want you to think about it. Like it's space. Okay.
Imagine if, if there was this ship that was going through space,
but space was just like,
it was almost like there was air around you where you could kick someone off the
side and they would just fall too forever. Right, right.
That's you're doing the same thing. Yeah. You just you're allow,
would you be terrified? Oh my God. Yeah. And if you heard someone cough,
would you heard someone cough? Oh my God. What would you do? Would you do?
If you were on a spaceship and you heard someone coughing and it would,
you gotta stay, you gotta take two weeks before you get back to the plan.
Like I think you gotta stay inifferent your little in your little cube.
Like you gotta stay in your little room.
Everyone on the grand princess was sequestered in their room. Honestly.
How is that different? You being on the spaceship in the middle of the sky.
Yeah. And you hear someone clocking. It's not that different.
Like we gotta get outta here. There's a sick person on his spaceship.
It's not that different. How much different is it? It's not that different. I,
I would say this, I would say less pig.
Trash people could afford to go to space for now,
for now back in the Titanic days,
it was a crazy thing to be able to get in a boat and,
and make your way across the country. Yeah. It's, it's true. You're a peasant.
That's that's choose to travel space cruises, which is disgusting.
Ugh. But, but the people, my point is,
it's not like the Uber wealthy people that are getting on these shows.
No it's animals. It's Savage animals. They're they're fat pick.
I could have been a personal trainer on the boat. <laugh> I mean,
people were looking at me. They're like, how do you do it? You know? No, it's a,
on a party. They're going have a good time. They're task. You know,
what's the funnies thing on that boat.
There was a little library and I walked in. I'm like,
has anyone checked out a book? And the guy goes, no, <laugh> I'm like,
has anyone ever checked out? Like who's trying out a book,
the library and the cruise ship. And it's not even good books.
It's trashy romance novels. But none of these people can read. I mean,
what is the drug policy on one of those cruise ships?
Can you bring weed on board? I think you can bring whatever you want. I mean,
it depends, right? It depends. If you dock at a co like,
but in international waters, what are the deals? I don't know.
They don't search. I don't know if they search your bags. I mean,
people were bringing food on board. That was disturbing. That's another thing,
right? Like you're not in America. No. You're in international waters.
And then you dock like outside of this fake little town in Mexico where they
literally bought the beach front and it's a third world country and they drive
you past roosters and shoeless guys running around teamie what are you showing
me? This is a dougstan boo suit when he was getting, oh, that that's right.
He got on the cruise and he dude, he came on. I think he went on the,
he Chas boo to his body. Right. All over it. Like drugs. Yeah.
So what has he got it bladders of? Like ginin bladders,
<laugh> bladders and bottles. This is a good boo.
So he bought like those hiking bladders that you put in your backpack where he
drank water out of. And he filled them with booze,
but he's on a cruise ship where they have all this booze. Yeah.
But he wants to real deal stuff. You know? They're gonna water it down. They do.
Yeah. They don't give you shots. Uh,
I think they do some that's even more outrageous.
I think he gotta let you booze it up. Yeah. Dude,
if I'm on a boat I'm getting drunk. Well,
I'm sure there's different kinds of cruises, but the ones we're talking about,
like carnival, I know like, you know, like the ones,
if you were on those wouldn't you want to be hammered. Well there's people.
That's why dude. That's why people like, oh, why are people leaving your houses?
There are people that are like, if I can't go on a cruise and get up,
I don't wanna live. Why? If there are those people right now, they're like,
if I can't go to Applebe I don't wanna live. Yeah.
There's people that are not having a great time in America.
How many people are like weekend cruise people.
Like every weekend they go on a cruise somewhere. I was on.
I tell you I did the practical joke. It was an old lady. And she goes, you know,
don't take carnival. It's very bad. We've taken it twice. It was horrible times.
Oh, they justs good. Yeah. They just, they just they're cruise people.
I mean just the lowest caliber of human being to have ever drawn a
breath<laugh>. How much is, how much is the cruise cost?
Like if you want $60. I mean <laugh> <laugh>
dude. It's like no money. It's the, it's the, okay.
Let's let's say if you're' going for people that just got outta prison,
let's say, if you're gonna leave Mexico and you, where would you go?
Where would you go? Like south America, somewhere. You don't leave Mexico. You,
you leave,
like you just go out into the ocean and then you just come back to some fake
town. Like we went to Costa may look up cost of Maya, Mexico cost of Maya.
Mexico is a place. Its own the cruise ships just own this little beachfront.
Okay. So it's like a trip. Like you float around the water.
Then you come back and you come back and then they just have these little stands
on the beach. <laugh> wait a minute. This is crazy to do. Yeah.
Cruiseies to Mexico from $109 a person. Yeah. What did you think it was? How,
how many days? Like seven days. No. Yeah it did. Is that real? Of course.
Oh my God. Look at the big warning though. The COVID warning. Blow that up.
Yeah. What it say? They're like, you'll die if you do this,
people Don' care plenty. Oh, please be aware of any, uh,
coronavirus COVID 19 travel,
advisories and view updates from the world health organization due to
unprecedented volume of travel disruptions.
Refunds may take up to 30 days to process, which by that point you'll be dead.
They'll be like 30 days. How to take cruises right now. Yeah.
They're just like lie about your symptoms to like, just look, look,
this is the next one they have available.
It seems like August 30th is the first one they have available. Yeah.
So they're banking on August 30th.
Did that boats already full people are going on that boat, bro. Dude,
August 30th is gonna be a party <laugh> they don't give a.
They're gonna get on in high hospital gowns, right from the ER, they don't care.
You know what they're gonna do?
They're gonna do all the people that have survived. Yes.
Coronaonavirus it's gonna be survivor partysurvivor we beat it.
They also would have the bodies of course party.
They're all gonna have the bracelets. They'll be in hospital gowns on the beach.
But you know, there's gonna be one dude who lies about it.
Everybody's gonna come back because there's a girl. They gonna be thick.
She' hot. Yeah. He wants to her. So he told her, yeah, God,
and' worry and she's not hot, but she's a girl. She's hot enough. He's fine.
She's hot enough for him to cause genocide. Yes. So he's gonna come back.
<laugh> with this virus, he's gonna kill us all. He's gonna destroy,
kill us all because he wanted to this chick. And's gonna lie about having it.
And she's got a new advanced form that it doesn't do anything to people that
have already had it. Right. But as soon as it gets into a new person,
it kills them.
It makes so much sense that the virus it'll get rid of us as a planet,
come from a cruise. The most disgusting, unnecessary.
I mean, dude, this has nothing to do with the water.
I thought it'd be like tropical. Have something to do with the water.
It's nothing to do with the water. You don't nobody swims.
Like nobody gets to the island and swims kind of a dump people just go on and
buy jewelry. They buy fake jewelry. Dude. There's a TV in your room,
on a cruise. And when you turn it on, it's just commercials for. You can buy.
When you dock at the island. Oh my God. It'll be a guy. Who's like,
I've been in the cruise and jewelry industry for 20 years. It's like,
that's not an industry, dude. The cruise is a hundred dollars. Yeah.
It's a hundred dollars. And they buy garbage jewels. Cause it's tax free.
Cruise is Jamie. That was the three to five day section.
That was three to five days, hundred bucks, five days for a hundred bucks.
You can't even live. All. You can eat. 400 bucks are five days just for food.
All you can eat all you can eat. Yes. And probably all you can drink.
Everything's except for alcohol.
You gotta pay the craziest thing we've ever read on this show.
That's why people are like all cruises going outta of business. I'm like,
I'll tell you. They're not, they're not dollars.
That's a vacation for somebody who's. So, but wait a minute.
It's not all booze included. No, you gotta pay for boo.
That's where they make their money. That's why they's sneak.
Why they sneak it on? Oh, that's how they make their money. Yeah.
So the 25 bucks a day is just to come on. We're friends.
Yeah. Four days. That's just 25 bucks a day. A hundred bucks.
That's just unlimited fried food to throwing you down your throat.
Three to five days for a hundred dollars, 109.
Imagine five days of food for $109.
They probably encourage you to get off the wagon.
Like what are you doing when you're drinking water? Yeah.
Well I'm cleaning sober for 15 years now. They don't tolerate that.
What the are you? Doing's a party. They man're. It's a carnival.
Haven't you heard? Yeah. You don't need to see your kids get up.
Just get up and we'll give you I a game dude. You know the, in a cruise boat,
there's a little cruise jail. Swear to God. They have a cruise jail.
They have cruise jail. If you do something,
sometimes you gotta go to the cruise jail until they can dock and have the
authorities come get you. So if you murder your wife,
you do something like that. You go to the cruise. Jailhrew his wife overboard.
He's throwing the cruise jail. He went to cruise jail.
Look at those water line. Look at these people. Hi. See this is in the eighties.
I guess what it made sense. When did they start these things? Dude?
There's comics that perform on them. Oh yeah. Yeah. They live in hell. Yeah.
<laugh> there's um, when
there's something about it, it's just, it's so strange. And when I was in Italy,
yeah, three day cruises for 325 bucks. That was what it first started. Yeah. 85.
That was 1985. That's when it was. Yeah. It's probably like air travel.
It was when, when I was in Venice, they were,
they were the people that there are locals there. First of all, I mean,
I'm an intruder. We're all intruders. There's too many, too many TRUS. Right.
It's like, but they relied on it too. So it's real strange.
They gotster economy, but it's also, it used to be more quaint.
And then what happened is whenever a cruise ship would pull up,
you would get what? Two, 3000 people yeah. Would come pouring out at once.
And so when we were there, two cruise ships docked, and it was crazy. Oh crazy.
Then fantasy is this beautiful city.
And then you have this grotesque cruise ship with like paintings of dolphins on
the side. <laugh> it's so white trash, like America just,
and then showing up,
fill these river boats and they would get into the canal area. Oh.
And they would filled with people. Yeah.
And they would drive around staring and pointing at things. People'd like, wow,
this is nuts. Well, now that they're not around, you have like,
things are coming back into the Venice canals, like dolphins. I know, you know,
but I know all these idiots are like, oh, it's not nice. It's like, it's nice.
But the world economys collapsed. See, it's not a good trade off.
There's the people got addicted to people coming in the tourists. Yeah.
But if they only had like a limited number, it should be like a house party.
Like after a hundred people, you can't get cut it off. Yeah.
You could cut it off. You can't have cruise ships. Yeah. Cause they,
they kept hitting the docks too. No, but the docks like twice. Yeah,
but you're gonna need.
'Em they're coming back hard. <laugh> cruises are coming back so big.
After this I'm telling you, you think so people are gonna feel invous catchers,
sick country and people are all over the world.
People are wild and people are gonna wanna go.
There are people that love cruises. They think they've discovered a gold mine.
They'll be like 109. People will tell you I took a, a cruise for $160.
It's so embarrassing that they would say it. But they say that. And you're like,
you're an animal. Well, if you're a non-drier though, it must be here's.
It's so fun.
There's a certain group of people in the world who've accepted their animals.
Right. And then it's just fun.
How many people are on cruises that are on a cruise every day?
Cuz it's cheaper than being homeless. If you great point.
If you go to a cruise every day, if you're on a cruise every day,
you you're really only spending like a buck 50 a week. That's carnival,
you spend 150 bucks a week. You get a room and you get all the food you can eat.
That is a crazy deal. You imagine it's secure for homelessness.
Carnival cruises there. Yeah.
Do they have boost 24 hours a day or do they all cut off time? No.
It's like Vegas. Yeah, of course. Do what you want.
Imagine that the freedom of being on this boat,
this metal thing floating around the ocean. Yeah. That's where you live.
Where do you live? I live on the carnival world cruise line.
There are people that do that, Joe,
that literally live on a boat all year round. Why not?
You should be on a cruise. Well, why not? Cuz you're a person. <laugh>,
that's the why not it's cuz you're a person. But if you on,
there are people that dude, the level of big on those boats,
those are big boys and girls like Disneyland four, 500 S yeah.
When you see people on scooters,
I saw a scooter and they were going on the boat on the boat.
They were going up the ramp onto the boat.
There's some up about being on a vehicle. Then somebody on another vehicle.
I.